17 Years Later, 2 Million People Are Still Playing PS3

Earlier this month, Insomniac was hacked by a ransomware group called Rhysida. They blackmailed Sony, threatening to leak the stolen data online if it didn't pay $2 million in Bitcoin. Sony refused and over 1.6 terabytes of information was made public, including Insomniac's next decade of games, a playable build of Wolverine, and personal employee information such as passports and HR documents.

It managed to reach nearly two million active users in February of this year with a peak of 1.9 million. That's despite it being a console from 2006. For perspective, I just turned six when it was released, and I'm here now writing about it at 23. It's an old console, to put it lightly. But with so many gems trapped on old hardware without backward compatibility (not counting streaming via PS Plus), it's understandable why so many are going back.

The PS3 is home to a whole host of Ratchet & Clank games, Infamous, Killzone 2 and 3, the God of War trilogy, Resistance, Yakuza: Dead Souls, Drakengard 3, Tokyo Jungle, and Sly Cooper to name a few. Not to mention that GTA 4 and Red Dead Redemption's online modes are still up and running.

A handful of those two million saw the Reddit thread sharing the report and divulged the exact reason they'd booted up their old consoles. For me, it was to play Oblivion and some of the classic Spidey games, like Web of Shadows, but for others, they ventured back to play the likes of Deus Ex Human Revolution and Xcom Enemy Within.

"I'm one of them," milesac commented. "[Call of Duty] Ghosts still has full lobbies sometimes. I wish any Socom game had players still. Also, GT5 is still a beautiful game to play. Especially since it works with my Logitech G29 I use on my PS5 and PS4. WWE13 is still fun. Twisted Metal too. So many classics."

"Still play Third Strike and Ultra Street Fighter 4 online in 2023!" ProtoCas said. Others voiced hope that many of these classics would eventually make the jump to the PS5. One thing's clear at least, the PS3 still has life in those old bones.