Sonic Prime Season One Is Getting A Physical Release You Can Pre-Order Now

Sonic has been making waves on the big screen recently via the hedgehog's two live-action movies, not to mention film number three which will be here by this time next year. A different branch of the blue blur's universe has been doing well on the small screen too. Netflix's Sonic Prime, which is two seasons old and getting a third season in 2024, and you will soon be able to own a physical copy of the first season on Blu-ray.

News that Sonic Prime season one would be getting a physical release was revealed earlier this month, and now the first pre-orders for the set are open. Available at Amazon through the link in the box below, it's going to cost you $19.99 if you want to own a physical copy of Sonic Prime's first season. Even though pre-orders are now open, the Blu-ray won't be released until March 12, 2024, two months after season three will be available to watch on Netflix.

You might be reading this, and wondering why anyone would buy a physical version of Sonic Prime when it's available to watch on Netflix. Well, for starters, it's a cool piece of Sonic merch to own for those of us who will buy just about anything with the hedgehog's face on it. More importantly though, if you own a physical copy of something, there's no risk of it being taken from you in the future. Well, minimal risk, I guess it could still get stolen or taken by an angry partner.

Should Netflix decide to remove Sonic Prime from its platform in the future, and no other streaming service picks it up, there goes any future opportunities to watch the show. Unless you were wise enough to pick up a physical copy, that is. It's not as if shows disappearing from streaming platforms is a rarity, either. It's a controversial topic at the moment with some shows and movies disappearing into oblivion unless you're lucky enough to own them on Blu-ray or DVD.

Sonic is preparing for a pretty big 2024 with more stuff in the blue blur's universe being announced at a steady pace. Not only Sonic Prime on Blu-ray and season three on Netflix, as well as Sonic 3 at the cinema, but also a new Lego set starring Knuckles and Rouge, and Funko Pops modeled after Amy, Super Shadow, Metal Sonic, and more.